There are two days in the year that we can not do anything, yesterday and tomorrow.

Relationships are based on four principles: respect, understanding, acceptance and appreciation.

Carefully watch your thoughts, for they become your words. Manage and watch your words, for they will become your actions. Consider and judge your actions, for they have become your habits. Acknowledge and watch your habits, for they shall become your values. Understand and embrace your values, for they become your destiny.

Our greatest ability as humans is not to change the world; but to change ourselves.

All good thoughts and ideas mean nothing without action.

Many people, especially ignorant people, want to punish you for speaking the truth, for being correct, for being you. Never apologize for being correct, or for being years ahead of your time. If you’re right and you know it, speak your mind. Speak your mind. Even if you are a minority of one, the truth is still the truth.

The true measure of any society can be found in how it treats its most vulnerable members.

It's easy to stand in the crowd but it takes courage to stand alone.

Keep your thoughts positive because your thoughts become your words. Keep your words positive because your words become your behavior. Keep your behavior positive because your behavior becomes your habits. Keep your habits positive because your habits become your values. Keep your values positive because your values become your destiny.

If you want to change the world, start with yourself.

Live as if you were to die tomorrow. Learn as if you were to live forever.

Keep your values positive, because your values become your destiny.

Every good movement passes through five stages, indifference, ridicule, abuse, repression, and respect.

I offer you peace. I offer you love. I offer you friendship. I see your beauty. I hear your need. I feel your feelings.

If you worry about yesterday's failures, then today's successes will be few. The future depends on what we do in the present.

It is unwise to be too sure of one's own wisdom.

The golden rule is to act fearlessly upon what one believes to be right.

The best way to find yourself is to lose yourself in the service of others.

Peace is the most powerful weapon of mankind.

