If you are kind, people may accuse you of selfish, ulterior motives: Be kind anyway. If you are successful you will win some false friends and true enemies: Succeed anyway. If you are honest and frank people will try to cheat you: Be honest anyway. What you spend years building, someone could destroy overnight: Build anyway. If you find serenity and happiness, they may be jealous of you: Be happy anyway. The good you do today, will often be forgotten by tomorrow: Do good anyway. Give the world the best you have, and it may never be enough: Give your best anyway.

Your true character Is most accurately measured by how you treat those who can do 'Nothing' for you

Some people come in our life as blessings. Some come in your life as lessons.

The good you do today may be forgotten tomorrow. Do good anyway. Give the world the best you have and it may never be enough. Give your best anyway. For you see, in the end, it is between you and God. It was never between you and them anyway.

Life is an opportunity, benefit from it. Life is beauty, admire it. Life is a dream, realize it. Life is a challenge, meet it. Life is a duty, complete it. Life is a game, play it. Life is a promise, fulfill it. Life is sorrow, overcome it. Life is a song, sing it. Life is a struggle, accept it. Life is a tragedy, confront it. Life is an adventure, dare it. Life is luck, make it. Life is too precious, do not destroy it. Life is life, fight for it.

I can do things you cannot, you can do things I cannot; together we can do great things.

I used to believe that prayer changes things, but now I know that prayer changes us, and we change things.

Yesterday is gone. Tomorrow has not yet come. We have only today. Let us begin.

At the end of life we will not be judged by how many diplomas we have received, how much money we have made, how many great things we have done. We will be judged by "I was hungry, and you gave me something to eat, I was naked and you clothed me. I was homeless, and you took me in.

If you want to change the world, go home and love your family.

Never worry about numbers. Help one person at a time and always start with the person nearest you.

Every time you smile at someone, it is an action of love, a gift to that person, a beautiful thing.

Be kind and merciful. Let no one ever come to you without coming away better and happier. Be the living expression of God's kindness.

God does not create poverty; we do, because we do not share.

The problem with the world is that we draw the circle of our family too small.

Speak tenderly; let there be kindness in your face, in your eyes, in your smile, in the warmth of your greeting. Always have a cheerful smile. Don't only give your care, but give your heart as well.

Kind words can be short and easy to speak, but their echoes are truly endless.

Go out into the world today and love the people you meet. Let your presence light new light in the hearts of people.

If each of us would only sweep our own doorstep, the whole World would be clean.

We can cure physical diseases with medicine, but the only cure for loneliness, despair, and hopelessness is love. There are many in the world who are dying for a piece of bread, but there are many more dying for a little love.

If you judge people, you have no time to love them.

There is much suffering in the world - physical, material, mental. The suffering of some can be blamed on the greed of others. The material and physical suffering is suffering from hunger, from homelessness, from all kinds of diseases. But the greatest suffering is being lonely, feeling unloved, having no one. I have come more and more to realize that it is being unwanted that is the worst disease that any human being can ever experience.

Be happy in the moment, that's enough. Each moment is all we need, not more.

Spread love everywhere you go. Let no one ever come to you without leaving happier.

May today be peace within. May you trust your highest power that you are exactly where you are meant to be... May you not forget the infinite possibilities that are born of faith. May you use those gifts that you have received, and pass on the love that has been given to you... May you be content knowing you are a child of God... Let this presence settle into your bones, and allow your soul the freedom to sing, dance, praise, and love. It is there for each and every one of you.


